[ENH, MRG] Make orphan of unused API entries (#983)
sphinx-gallery/sphinx-gallery: doc/configuration.rst

- ``log_level`` (:ref:`log_level`)
- ``capture_repr`` and ``ignore_repr_types`` (:ref:`capture_repr`)
- ``nested_sections`` (:ref:`nested_sections`)

> - ``missing_doc_ignore`` (:ref:`missing_doc_ignore`)

Reviewer: nitpick, I wonder if something like 'api_usage_ignore' might be a better config name as it makes it clearer that it is related to the `show_api_usage` config. I feel 'missing_doc_ignore' may be a little ambiguous.

each subsection, and a specific toctree for each subsection.
In particular, sidebars generated using these toctrees might not reflect the
actual section / folder structure.

.. _missing_doc_ignore:

> Ignoring API entries

Author: Sounds reasonable to me!

====================

By default, ``missing_doc_ignore='.*__.*__'`` ignores files that match this
regular expression in documenting the usage of API entries within the
example gallery. This regular expression can be modified to ignore
any kind of file that should not be considered. The default regular
expression ignores functions like ``__len__()`` for which it may not be

> desirable to document if they are used in examples.

Author: There are two reports that are generated, one of the API usage (which API entries are used in which examples) and one of which API entries are not used at all. So if `show_api_usage` is `False`, it only skips the second part. Map of API entries that are used can get quite large because it also connects in examples so we decided to turn it off for MNE. There isn't an option to turn off the unused API entries though. I'll add a comment to clarify.

.. _show_api_usage:

Showing API Usage
=================

Optionally, graphs can be made of the usage of each API entry in examples
grouped by module. In large projects, there are many modules so this is
set to ``False`` by default. Setting ``show_api_usage`` to ``True``
will make one graph per module with all of the API entries connected to
the example that they are used in. This could be helpful for making a map
of where to look in a project if you want to learn about a particular

> module.

Author: I added the link to the `sg_api_usage.html` in the `sphinx_gallery` documentation, I think that might be a good way to show what it looks like!

each subsection, and a specific toctree for each subsection.
In particular, sidebars generated using these toctrees might not reflect the
actual section / folder structure.

.. _show_api_usage:

Showing API Usage
=================

Optionally, graphs can be made of the usage of each API entry in examples,
grouped by module. In large projects, there are many modules so this is
set to ``False`` by default. Setting ``show_api_usage`` to ``True``
will make one graph per module showing all of the API entries connected to
the example that they are used in. This could be helpful for making a map
of which examples to look at if you want to learn about a particular
module. Note: documentation and graphs of which API examples are unused
will always be made, only the documentation and graphs of which
examples each API entry are used in is controlled by this configuration
parameter. ``graphviz`` is required for making the unused and used API

> entry graphs. See the `Sphinx-Gallery documentation <sg_api_usage.html>`_ for

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
entry graphs. See the `Sphinx-Gallery api usage graph <sg_api_usage.html>`_ for
```

each subsection, and a specific toctree for each subsection.
In particular, sidebars generated using these toctrees might not reflect the
actual section / folder structure.

.. _show_api_usage:

Showing API Usage
=================

Optionally, graphs can be made of the usage of each API entry in examples,
grouped by module. In large projects, there are many modules so this is
set to ``False`` by default. Setting ``show_api_usage`` to ``True``
will make one graph per module showing all of the API entries connected to
the example that they are used in. This could be helpful for making a map
of which examples to look at if you want to learn about a particular
module. Note: documentation and graphs of which API examples are unused
will always be made, only the documentation and graphs of which
examples each API entry are used in is controlled by this configuration
parameter. ``graphviz`` is required for making the unused and used API
entry graphs. See the
`Sphinx-Gallery API usage documentation and graphs <sg_api_usage.html>`_

> for example. This report can be found in the project directory under
> ``sg_api_usage.html``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for example. This report can be found in the sphinx output directory under
``sg_api_usage.html``.
```
